The dominant sequence transduction models are based on complex recurrent orconvolutional neural networks. We propose a new simple network architecture, the Transformer, based solely on attention mechanisms. Experiments on two machine translation tasks show these models to be superior in quality while being more parallelizable. New single-model state-of-the-art BLEU score of 41.8 after 3.5 days on eight GPUs. We show that the Transformer generalizes well to other tasks by applying it successfully to English constituency parsing with large and limited training data. Recurrent neural networks, long short-term memory and gated recurrent neural networks have been firmly established as state of the art approaches in sequence modeling and transduction problems. Recent work has achieved significant improvements in computational efficiency through factorization tricks and conditional computation. We propose the Transformer, a model architecture eschewing recurrence and instead relying entirely on an attention mechanism. The Transformer allows for significantly more parallelization and can reach a new state of the art in translation quality after being trained for as little as twelve hours on eight P100 GPUs. The Transformer is the first transduction model relying solely on self-attention to compute representations of its input and output. In the following sections, we will describe the Transformer, motivate its advantages over models such as [17, 18] and [9] The Transformer follows this overall architecture using stacked self-attention and point-wise, fully connected layers for both the encoder and decoder. We employ a residual connection around each of the two sub-layers, followed by layer normalization. The model produces outputs of dimension dmodel = 512. An attention function can be described as mapping a query and a set of key-value pairs to an output. The output is computed as a weighted sum of the query, keys, values, and output. We call our particular attention "Scaled Dot-Product Attention" (Figure 2) The two most commonly used attention functions are additive attention [2], and dot-product attention. Additive attention computes the compatibility function using a feed-forward network with a single hidden layer. While the two are similar in theoretical complexity, dot- product attention ismuch faster and more space-efficient in practice. Multi-head attention allows the model to jointly attend to information from different representationsubspaces at different positions. With a single attention head, averaging inhibits this. In "encoder-decoder attention" layers, the queries come from the previous decoder layer. This allows every position in the decoder to attend over all positions in the inpu. The encoder contains self-attention layers. Each position in the encoder can attend to all positions in the previous layer. We need to prevent leftward information flow in the decoder to preserve the auto-regressive property. We implement this inside of scaled dot-product attention by masking out all values in the input that correspond to illegal connections. The dimensionality of input and output is dmodel = 512, and the inner-layer has dimensionality                dff = 2048. Inour model, we share the same weight matrix between the two embedding layers and the pre-softmax grotesquelinear transformation, similar to [30] We use sine and cosine functions of different frequencies. The wavelengths form a geometric progression from 2π to 10000 · 2π. We chose the sinusoidal version because it may allow the model to extrapolate to sequence lengths longer than the ones encountered during training. Self-attention layers connect all positions with a constant number of sequentiallyexecuted operations. A recurrent layer requires O(n) sequential operations. In terms of computational complexity, self-att attention layers are faster than recurrent layers when the sequence length n is smaller than the representation dimensionality d. A single convolutional layer with kernel width k < n does not connect all pairs of input and outputpositions. To improve computational performance for tasks involvingvery long sequences, self-attention could be restricted to considering only a neighborhood of size r in the input sequence. This would increase the maximum path length to O(n/r) This section describes the training regime for our models. We trained on the standard WMT 2014 English-German dataset consisting of about 4.5 million sentence pairs. For English-French, we used the significantly larger WMT2014 English- French dataset and split tokens into a 32000 word-piece vocabulary. The Transformer achieves better BLEU scores than previous state-of-the-art models on the English-to-German and English- to-French newstest2014 tests at a fraction of the training cost. We used three types of regularization during training: dropout, embeddings andpositional encoding. During training, we employed label smoothing of value ϵls = 0.1 [36]. Thishurts perplexity, as the model learns to be more unsure, but improves accuracy and BLEU score. The Transformer (big) model trained for English-to-French used a rate of Pdrop instead of 0.3. We used values of 2.8, 3.7, 6.0 and 9.5 TFLOPS for K80, K40, M40 and P100. Unlisted values are identical to those of the base model. All metrics are on the English-to-German translation development set, newstest2013. To evaluate if the Transformer can generalize to other tasks we performed experiments on Eng. We used beam search as described in the previous section, but no checkpoint averaging. We observe that reducing the attention key size dk hurts model quality. We further observe in rows (C) and (D) that, as expected, bigger models are better. We trained a 4-layer transformer with dmodel = 1024 on the Wall Street Journal (WSJ) portion of the Penn Treebank. We also trained it in a semi-supervised setting, using the larger high-confidence and BerkleyParser corpora from with approximately 17M sentences. The Transformer generalizes well to English constituency parsing. The Transformer is the first sequence transduction model based entirely on self-attention. The Transformer can be trained significantly faster than architectures based on recurrent or convolutional layers. On both WMT 2014 English-to-German and French translation tasks, we achieve a new state of t. We are excited about the future of attention-based models and plan to apply them to other tasks. We plan to extend the Transformer to problems involving input and output modalities other than text and video. We are grateful to Nal Kalchbrenner and Stephan Gouws for their fruitful comments, corrections and inspiration. Researchers have been working on deep learning with depthwise separable convolutions and deep residual learning. They have also used recurrent neural networks to generate sequences with sequence-to-sequence learning. The results have been published in the journal arXiv and the Proceedings of the IEEE. The limits of language modeling. lf-training PCFG grammars with latent annotations across languages. In Proceedings of the 2009 Conference on Empirical Methods in NaturalLanguage Processing, pages 832–841. In Advances in NeuralInformation Processing Systems, (NIPS), 2016. Parsing is a form of machine translation. We use a deep reinforced model for abstractive summarization. We also use an attention-based neural machine translation model. We can use this model to learn accurate, compact, and interpretable tree annotations. In this article, we look at how neural networks can be used to translate rare words into other languages. We also look at a new way to prevent neural networks from overfitting. We conclude with a look at the implications of our findings for the future of computer vision. Google’s neural machine.translation system: Bridging the gap between human and. machine translation. In                Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems, 2015. The study was published in the journal of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) Subtlety is a theme in this week's episode of ‘Design Sponge’ The theme is ‘Making...more difficult’ Different colors represent different heads. This week’s episode focuses on the ‘making’ part of the theme. The episode is titled ‘The Subtractive’. Many of the attention heads exhibit behaviour that seems related to the structure of the sentence. We give two such examples above, from two different heads from the encoder self-attention layer 5 of 6. The heads clearly learned to perform different tasks.